[Intro]
Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt
your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
Something's wrong, I can feel it (For six
minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got, like something's
about to happen
But I don't know what if that means what I
think it means
We're in trouble, big trouble
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not
taking any chances
(You are just what the doc ordered)
[Hook]
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap
God
All my people from the front to the back nod,
back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough
to slapbox, slapbox
They said I rap like a robot, so call me rapbot
[Verse 1]
But for me to rap like a computer must be
in my genes, I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it, got
a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his (nut-sack),
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and as indecent as all hell, syllables,
kill-a-holic
(Kill em all with) this flippity dippity-hippity
hip-hop, you don't really wanna get into a
pissin' match wit' this rappity-rap
Packin' a mack in the back of the Ac, backpack
rap crap, yap-yap yackety-yack
And at the exact same time, I attempt these
lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin'
that
I'll still be able to break a mothafucking
table over the back of a couple of faggots
and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic I was signed to
Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow, all I do is drop F-bombs,
feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period, here's
a maxi pad
It's actually disastrously bad for the wack
while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece,
cause
[Hook]
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap
God
All my people from the front to the back nod,
back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough
to slapbox, slapbox
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't
that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap
immortality like I have got
[Verse 2]
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply
rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance, hit
the earth like an asteroid, did nothing but
shoot for the moon since
MC's get taken to school with this music cause
I use it
As a vehicle to 'bus the rhyme' now I lead
a new school full of students
Me, I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz,
2Pac, N-
W.A, Cube, Hey Doc, Ren Yella, Eazy, thank
you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up
and be in a position
To meet Run DMC, and induct them into the
motherfuckin' Rock n'-
Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I'll walk in the church and burst
in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the
alcohol of fame on the wall of (shame)
You fags think it's all a game, 'til I walk
a flock of flames
Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck
are you thinking
Little gay lookin' boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight
face looking, boy
You're witnessing a massacre like you're watching
a church gathering take place, looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say
looking, boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a "way to go" from your label everyday
looking, boy
Hey, lookin' boy, what you say looking boy
I get a "hell yeah" from Dre looking, boy
I'ma work for everything I have, never ask
nobody for shit, get outta my face looking
boy
Basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable
to keeping up with the same pace looking,
boy cause
[Hook]
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap
God
All my people from the front to the back nod,
back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call
me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White
Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton,
no Asgard, Asgard
[Verse 3]
So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent,
I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading immediately with
these bombs I'm toting
And I should not be woken, I'm the walking
dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie
floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my Ramen Noodle, we have nothing in
common, poodle
I'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm
and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize
what I do though
For good at least once in a while, so I wanna
make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch
I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to maybe try to help get some
people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in
case cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's
lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground, but I still rap
like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you
combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine, you get
too big and here they come tryin'
To censor you like that one line I said on
"I'm Back" from the Mathers LP 1 when I tried
to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver
and a nine
See if I get away with it now that I ain't
as big as I was, but I'm
Morphing into an immortal coming through the
portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004, though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme
for, you're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking
cornrows
You write normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new ray gun from the future
just to come and shoot ya like when Fabolous
made Ray J mad
Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's
pad
Singing to a man while they played piano
Man oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the
cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station
the very next day, "Hey Fab
I'ma kill you!" lyrics coming at you at supersonic
speed (J.J. Fad)
Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assuming
I'm a human, what I gotta do to get it through
to you? I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that
anything you say is ricocheting off of me
and it'll glue to you and
I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating,
how to give a mothafucking audience a feeling
like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know the haters are forever
waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off,
they'll be celebrating
Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated,
I make elevating music, you make elevator
music
"Oh, he's too mainstream," well, that's what
they do when they get jealous, they confuse
it
It's not hip-hop, it's pop, cause I found
a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc, throw on "Lose
Yourself" and make 'em lose it
"I don't know how to make songs like that,
I don't know what words to use"
Let me know when it occurs to you while I'm
ripping any one of these verses, that versus
you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you,
how many verses I gotta murder to
Prove that if you were half as nice, your
songs you could sacrifice virgins to?
School flunky, pill junky
But look at the accolades these skills brung
me, full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself cause I make me do what I put
my mind to, and I'm a million leagues above
you
Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still
tongue in cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel,
I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boyz "Still chunky
but funky"
But in my head there's something I can feel
tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils and here's what they
want from me
They're asking me to eliminate some of the
women hate, but if you take into consideration
the bitter hatred
I had Then you may be a little patient and
more sympathetic to the situation and understand
the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make
lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women, how the fuck
am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake him for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to
be overseas and take a vacation
To trip abroad and make her fall on her face
and
Don't be a retard, be a king? Think not
Why be a king when you can be a god?